Reset events when user logs out (#10)
wazo-communication/euc-plugins-js-sdk: documentation/docs/portal.md

```

Please refer to the [SDK](/docs/sdk) documentation to know how to inject custom code in the application.

> The backgroundScript will be always running, even if the user logs out. Please make sure to remove all background tasks by listening to the `onLogout` event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The background script is always running, even when the user is logged out. Please make sure to remove all related background tasks, and use a `onLogout` listener event instead.
```
